# ADS-Matlab-Interface

Keysight Advanced Design System (ADS) to Matlab interface.

# Introduction

This **TADSInterface** class allows for communication with Keysight Advanced Design System (ADS) from within MATLAB. 
It has been developed and tested **under Windows platform**, but small modifications are expected to adapt it for Linux.

> **Warning!** The interface heavily uses **undocumented** features of ADS! Therefore, there is a chance that it will stop working under a new release of ADS. The current version of the interface **has been tested with ADS 2016.1, 2017 and 2019**.

> **NOTE** also that the interface has been heavily used for simulations using **Harmonic balance** solver in ADS. It should work with other solvers as well, but it is not guaranteed.

# Features

This ADS-MATLAB interface allows:
 - Set paths and environmental variables required by ADS;
 - Change parameters in the ADS project's schematic ("*Var Eqn*" component);
 - Change parameters of components (like *SNP*, capacitors, etc.);
 - Run simulation;
 - Read results from the dataset files generated by the solver (which can be run either from Matlab using this interface, or natively from ADS IDE).

> **NOTE** that all parameter changes made by the interface affect **only** the project's netlist file, and do not affect the schematic. The netlist will be re-generated by ADS if simulation is started within its IDE. So, the parameter changes here make sense only if the simulation is started by means of this interface.

# Demos / Documentation

All functionalities are well documented in the included Live Script demos. MATLAB R2018a or higher is desired in order to not loose code samples in the demos.

# Bugs / feature requests

If you encounter any errors, notice some misfunction while using the interface, or would like to have new functionality, feel free to open an issue [directly in GitHub](https://github.com/korvin011/ADS-Matlab-Interface/issues). However, I cannot promise fast fix/response due to lack of time for support.

# Acknowledgment

I would like to thank Jan Simon for his great function [`GetFullPath`](https://se.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/28249-getfullpath), it is very helpful for this interface.
